[enh] Add an adminsys charter (#78)
YunoHost/project-organization: adminsys_charter.md

# YunoHost System Administrator Charter

Because great powers imply great responsibilities, I commit myself as YunoHost adminsys to respect these points:

## Security

> The reliability and security of our services is the responsibility of all, below are some rules to follow to avoid becoming an attack vector of the YunoHost infra :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reliability and security of the project's services is the responsibility of everybody. Below are some rules meant to prevent security breaches / leaks on the infrastructure:
```

 * never save project passwords in a non-free browser or without a master password;
 * always protect personal private SSH keys with strong passwords;
 * always lock machines where keys are located before leaving them unattended;
 * always encrypt personal machines where personal SSH keys are stored;

>   * never let any random people plant third party devices in your machine(s);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * never let any random people plant third party devices in your machine(s);
```

>  * do not save project password in a non-free browser or without master password;
>  * do not use ssh keys without passwords to access the infrastructure (except for exceptions discussed collectively);
>  * get into the habit of locking your machines where the keys are located when you leave them;
>  * do not let people without access, plant third party devices in your machine(s);
>  * encrypt the machines used to access the infra ;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * never save project passwords in a non-free browser or without a master password;
 * always protect personal private SSH keys with strong passwords;
 * always lock machines where keys are located before leaving them unattended;
 * always encrypt personal machines where personal SSH keys are stored;
  * never let any random people plant third party devices in your machine(s);
```

## Ethics / practice

 * do not give yourself access by escalation of privileges and ensure that the YunoHost infrastructure administration team remains in possession of its accesses;
 * verify the effectiveness of backups and rescue means before performing risky maintenance;

>  * respects privacy of our users and limit to the maximum the display of private information during debugging ;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * respects project users' privacy and limit to the maximum the display of private information during debugging ;
```

 * in case of legal requests, do not act without consulting other contributors ;

## Resilience, sharing and transparency
In order to ensure the resilience of the deployed infrastructure, everyone agrees to do their best to:

 * report to other adminsys the operations performed on the infrastructure
 * produce documentation on their infrastructure and services;

>  * create an announcement on the forum to announce any maintenance or breakdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * create an announcement on the forum to announce any important maintenance or outage.
```
